Grade for Project:

Game Requirements

Ten Points Each

1.	Must have a defined genre with a plot/narrative/point
    10 (at the expense of gameplay unfortunately)
2.	Create & use at least 3 functions
    7 (created many functions, but I don't think any were actually called up)
3.	Make ASCII art (must be original)
    9 (This should be a ten, but sadly one can only see the ASCII art in the code mainly)
4.	Have a life point system
    7 (has one but seems broken)
5.	Have NPC interaction
    10 (not much but there is)
6.	Use the random variable function
    9 (yes, but something is wrong with it)
7.	Use while-loops
    9 (but I don't think it worked the way it was supossed to)
8.	Have distinct code blocks
    0 (It's just one big block o' code)
9.	Comment above code blocks and elsewhere when necessary
    7 (There's some)
10.	Have variable/identifiers that are self-evident (e.g., lifePoints = 20)
    10

Bonus Features
Five Points Each
•	Have more than 3 characters
    5
•	Venture through more than 10 screens/sections/rooms
     0
•	Include a secret level
     0
   
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total: 83 - 10 for being late = 73


Student who did more or less will have a different grade than what is added up to here

Comments:

Have someone edit for English issues like spelling, grammar, and syntax. Remember, this is a text based game, so words matter.
I see a lower case i in the opening for instance.

There is A LOT of text/story before you get to make a choice after the first fighting sequence. You either need to break this up
with art or have more choices along the way.

We'll see if the dagger I got from the old man does anything later. Nope, the inventory doesn't seem to work.

Nice touch on the name addition.

Um, nothing random comes up when I hit Evil Cube Kevin? It says 0 Life Points and keeps looping. Any ASCII art here? Okay,
morning and same loop with Kevin. Um, okay, walked, went to bed, and again with Evil Kevin! Is this supposed to be random?

Um, and then I died. Okay, I'm going to try this one more time to see if I see any of that awesome ASCII art that was created
for this project and if I can get more than Evil Cube Kevin to appear.

I really wish I could skip forward some of this text on the replay. This scrolling of the text is too much and not should not
have been used for the whole thing. UPDATE: Repl.it updated on me, so I had to restart this again to just try and play through
the second time--now my third time. It has been over five minutes of scrolling text!!

Okay, on replay I got another monster but now it's repeating the same: wild Kevin's brother the dodechedron. I get no ASCII 
with this one either and I'm automatically at 0 life points. Is there any random subtracting here or am I at zero from the
first fight that I had to do?

Third time, a wild Goblin, still I have 0 life points, and no ASCII art. Yep, the goblin is repeating on this one.

And dead again.



